---
permalink: /
title: "About me"
excerpt: "About me"
author_profile: true
redirect_from:
  - /about/
  - /about.html
---

I'm a researcher working to make program synthesis technologies
available to the masses (unwashed or otherwise). I work with
[this](https://microsoft.github.io/prose/team) awesome group of people
at Microsoft, where we (the
[PROSE](https://microsoft.github.io/prose/) team) are working hard to
liberate people from the drudgery of writing code!  Apart from program
synthesis, I'm also interested in (and occasionally dabble in) applied
verification, model checking and programming language research.

I graduated with a Ph.D. from the [University of
Pennsylvania](http://cis.upenn.edu/index.php), where I was advised by
[Rajeev Alur](http://www.cis.upenn.edu/~alur/). My dissertation
explored techniques to automatically synthesize distrubuted protocols
from a mix of formal and informal specifications. The
[SyGuS](http://www.sygus.org/index.html) initiative was a happy
by-product of my dissertation research.

In a past life, before I started on the graduate school adventure, I
used to be a maintainer and/or enhancer for the C runtime libraries
(libc) on HPUX.

If you're looking for prototypes and/or source code for the tools that
I've built as part of my research, you may want to take a look <a
href="https://github.com/abhishekudupa"><u>here</u></a>, and if you
can't find what you're looking for, then feel free to send me an
email.
